Add docs for JS tests (#2048)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/rustdoc-internals/search.md

The `.rs` file specifies the hypothetical library crate to run
the searches on (make sure you mark anything you need to find as `pub`).
The `.js` file specifies the actual searches.
The `rustdoc-js-std` tests are the same, but don't require an `.rs`
file, since they use the standard library.

The `.js` file is like a module (except the loader takes care of
`exports` for you). It uses these variables:

|      Name      |              Type              | Description
| -------------- | ------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| `FILTER_CRATE` | `string`                       | Only include results from the given crate. In the GUI, this is the "Results in <kbd>crate</kbd>" drop-down menu.
| `EXPECTED`     | `[ResultsTable]\|ResultsTable` | List of tests to run, specifying what the hypothetical user types into the search box and sees in the tabs
| `PARSED`       | `[ParsedQuery]\|ParsedQuery`   | List of parser tests to run, without running an actual search

`FILTER_CRATE` can be left out (equivalent to searching "all crates"), but you
have to specify `EXPECTED` or `PARSED`.

> By default, the test fails if any of the expected results are missing,
> or if the results don't appear in the specified order.

Reviewer: This isn't true, it only checks the order by default:

```suggestion
By default, the test fails if the results don't appear in the specified order.
```

Reviewer: ... End of week. Sorry about that. ^^'

Reviewer: I prefer the one you commented.

The bloom filter checks none of these things,
and, on top of that, can have false positives.
But it's fast and uses very little memory, so the bloom filter helps.

## Testing the search engine

> While the DOM UI code itself is tested using `rustdoc-gui` tests, the

Reviewer: Phrasing seems a bit strange here. I would say instead:

```suggestion
While the generated UI is tested using `rustdoc-gui` tests, the
```

The `.js` file specifies the actual searches.
The `rustdoc-js-std` tests are the same, but don't require an `.rs`
file, since they use the standard library.

The `.js` file is like a module (except the loader takes care of
`exports` for you). It uses these variables:

|      Name      |              Type              | Description
| -------------- | ------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| `FILTER_CRATE` | `string`                       | Only include results from the given crate. In the GUI, this is the "Results in <kbd>crate</kbd>" drop-down menu.
| `EXPECTED`     | `[ResultsTable]\|ResultsTable` | List of tests to run, specifying what the hypothetical user types into the search box and sees in the tabs
| `PARSED`       | `[ParsedQuery]\|ParsedQuery`   | List of parser tests to run, without running an actual search

`FILTER_CRATE` can be left out (equivalent to searching "all crates"), but you
have to specify `EXPECTED` or `PARSED`.

Additionally, the following magic comments are supported.
Put them on their own line, without indenting.

> * `// exact-check`: If search results appear that aren't part of the test case,

Reviewer: It also checks for the items sorting.

Reviewer 2: isn't sorting checked by default?

Reviewer: Yes but it's not mentioned anywhere before `// ignore-order` as far as I can see. So better to precise it.

Reviewer 2: it should be documented, but not under `exact-check`, as order is checked regardless of the presence of `exact-check`.

The bloom filter checks none of these things,
and, on top of that, can have false positives.
But it's fast and uses very little memory, so the bloom filter helps.

## Testing the search engine

While the DOM UI code itself is tested using `rustdoc-gui` tests, the
primary way the search engine is tested is the `rustdoc-js` and
`rustdoc-js-std` tests. They run in NodeJS.

A `rustdoc-js` test has a `.rs` and `.js` file, with the same name.
The `.rs` file specifies the hypothetical library crate to run
the searches on (make sure you mark anything you need to find as `pub`).
The `.js` file specifies the actual searches.
The `rustdoc-js-std` tests are the same, but don't require an `.rs`
file, since they use the standard library.

The `.js` file is like a module (except the loader takes care of

> `exports` for you). It expects you to set these variables in the

Reviewer 2: the use of "expects" makes it sound like it is mandatory to set all of these (after all, `Option::expect` is used to throw an error if the receiver is `None`)

something like "It expects you to set *at least one of* these variables" or "the following variables have special meaning" would be more clear imo.

| -------------- | ------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| `FILTER_CRATE` | `string`                       | Only include results from the given crate. In the GUI, this is the "Results in <kbd>crate</kbd>" drop-down menu.
| `EXPECTED`     | `[ResultsTable]\|ResultsTable` | List of tests to run, specifying what the hypothetical user types into the search box and sees in the tabs
| `PARSED`       | `[ParsedQuery]\|ParsedQuery`   | List of parser tests to run, without running an actual search

Additionally, the following magic comments are supported.
Put them on their own line, without indenting.

* `// exact-check`: If search results appear that aren't part of the test case,
  then fail. By default, the test case will tolerate the engine returning more
  results than specified.
* `// ignore-order`: By default, the entries in the test case must have a
  matching order in the results. Setting this option allows you to test
  filtering without also testing ranking, if you expect a test to be sensitive
  to minor scoring changes.
* `// should-fail`: Used to write negative tests.

> Standard library tests probably shouldn't specify any of these (we want the

Reviewer 2: except `ignore-order`, which is used a decent amount in `rustdoc-js-std`.

libs team to be able to add new stuff without causing our tests to fail), but
standalone tests will often want `// exact-check`.

`FILTER_CRATE` can be left out (equivalent to searching "all crates"), but you

> have to specify `EXPECTED` or `PARSED`.

Reviewer 2: this should probably be moved to immediately after the table.
